added preferred suport language and gramar corrections to warning (#3481)
MicrosoftDocs/azure-docs-cli: docs-ref-conceptual/includes/cli-install-linux-zypper.md

author: chasecrum
ms.author: chasecrum
manager: mamccrea
ms.date: 01/11/2023
ms.topic: include
ms.service: azure-cli
ms.devlang: azurecli
ms.custom: devx-track-azurecli
---

> [!WARNING]
> The last Azure CLI package developed by Microsoft for SUSE Linux Enterprise Server (SLES), and OpenSUSE (Leap), is version 2.39.0 (released on 08/02/2022). You may continue to use historical versions of Azure CLI on these systems, but there will be no further updates or bug fixes from Microsoft for those versions.
>

> > Azure CLI (and the Linux install script) will continue to be developed and supported by Microsoft. Packages provided by SUSE/OpenSUSE repositories are maintained and supported by SUSE.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Azure CLI (and the Linux (install script)[https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/install-azure-cli-linux?pivots=script], are developed and supported by Microsoft. Packages provided by SUSE/OpenSUSE repositories are maintained and supported by SUSE.
```
